feat(sbb-bar-container): initial implementation (#4533)
sbb-design-systems/lyne-components: src/elements/bar-container/readme.md

> The `sbb-bar-container` is a component that displays its content with a leading red band and the default page spacing.

Reviewer: Maybe something similar to this?

```suggestion
The `sbb-bar-container` is a component that wraps its content with a red background/band, while keeping/maintaining the default page spacing.
```

Author: I like it 👍
